vorname:franjo nachname:fliege geboren:2007 rolle:stud
vorname:fabian nachname:falke geboren:1991 rolle:stud
vorname:fabian nachname:fliege geboren:1996 rolle:stud
vorname:franjo nachname:falke geboren:1992 rolle:mita
vorname:oliver nachname:luchs geboren:1998 rolle:stud
vorname:fabian nachname:unke geboren:1987 rolle:stud
vorname:franjo nachname:otter geboren:1981 rolle:stud
vorname:linus nachname:falke geboren:1988 rolle:stud
vorname:fabian nachname:falke geboren:1991 rolle:stud
vorname:henrik nachname:otter geboren:1992 rolle:stud
vorname:lars nachname:hase geboren:1981 rolle:stud
vorname:henrik nachname:leopard geboren:1981 rolle:stud
vorname:ulrike nachname:kaninchen geboren:1983 rolle:stud
vorname:fabian nachname:fliege geboren:1996 rolle:stud
vorname:henrik nachname:panther geboren:1992 rolle:stud
vorname:peter nachname:hirsch geboren:1980 rolle:stud
vorname:oliver nachname:hirsch geboren:1989 rolle:stud
vorname:henrik nachname:hase geboren:1998 rolle:stud
vorname:oliver nachname:luchs geboren:1998 rolle:stud
vorname:oliver nachname:falke geboren:2016 rolle:mita
vorname:oliver nachname:leopard geboren:2018 rolle:mita
vorname:karin nachname:falke geboren:2009 rolle:lehr
vorname:karin nachname:luchs geboren:2003 rolle:mita
vorname:oliver nachname:hase geboren:2008 rolle:mita
vorname:karin nachname:fliege geboren:1991 rolle:mita
vorname:oliver nachname:kaninchen geboren:2012 rolle:lehr
vorname:karin nachname:unke geboren:1988 rolle:admin
vorname:oliver nachname:fliege geboren:2015 rolle:mita
vorname:karin nachname:hase geboren:2012 rolle:lehr
vorname:oliver nachname:unke geboren:2014 rolle:stud
vorname:oliver nachname:otter geboren:2010 rolle:stud
vorname:oliver nachname:hirsch geboren:1989 rolle:stud
vorname:karin nachname:panther geboren:2012 rolle:admin
vorname:oliver nachname:panther geboren:1985 rolle:admin
vorname:karin nachname:leopard geboren:2003 rolle:lehr
vorname:karin nachname:kaninchen geboren:2012 rolle:mita
vorname:karin nachname:otter geboren:1989 rolle:lehr
vorname:karin nachname:hirsch geboren:1999 rolle:lehr
